I finally made it.
Sorry to keep you waiting
so long, my brother.
[SABO] I do have
some good news, though.
Seems Luffy's well on his way
to becoming King of the Pirates.
Our little brother's
getting along just fine.
You know, it's funny.
Since you've been gone,
for some reason,
those old memories
just keep flooding back.
[ACE, SABO, LUFFY laughing]
[ACE] Better hurry, Luffy!
We're gonna leave you!
[LUFFY] Wait, Ace!
I'm not as fast as you!
[SABO]
Ha, ha! Gotta work on that!
[ACE, SABO, LUFFY panting]
Hey, look! It's
a ship! Hey! Hey!
[ACE]
They're a million miles away.
They can't hear you, stupid.
Hey!
[SABO] The three of us,
we're gonna leave this country.
We're gonna sail
the ocean as pirates
and see the whole world!
I won't lose and I won't run!
People can fear me or
they can respect me.
But either way,
I'm gonna be a legend!
[giggles]
[LUFFY]
I know what I'm gonna be, too!
[ACE] All it takes to be
brothers is to share some saké!
[ACE] So from here on out,
we're brothers!
Cheers to that!
[LUFFY, SABO]
Cheers!
So, Ace. What's our
target today?
A bear!
We're gonna beat the
biggest one on Mount Corvo!
[panting]
You guys! Sabo! Ace! Wait up!
[chuckles]
It's not funny! Come back!
Ace! Come back!
I'm here!
Luffy!
I finally found you, Ace!
I'm coming for you,
just hang on!
[PIRATES screaming]
[LUFFY yells]
Outta my way!
[MARINE A]
Don't let him through!
[LUFFY grunting]
Gum-Gum... Bazooka!
[MARINES scream]
Luffy! Stay away!
[LUFFY grunting]
[ACE] What the hell do
you think you're doing?
You only went to sea because
you were following me!
But I've got my own damn
life without you in it!
[ACE]
You really wanna save me?
A scrawny wimp like you?
That's just humiliating!
I didn't ask for this!
Go home, Luffy!
I don't care, you're my brother!
[GIANT MARINE roars]
[LUFFY]
Giant Rifle!
Ace!
You can say whatever
mean stuff you want!
But I'm gonna save you,
even if it kills me!
I told you, I'm doing this!
[GARP] I'm a vice admiral of
the Navy, you understand me?
You're not my grandson here,
you're just another pirate!
And I will fight
you to the death!
Grandpa!
Old man, no!
[GARP]
Luffy, you and your brother Ace
are going to become
fine Marines,
and don't you forget it!
Spit? That's gross!
What the heck?
Who did that to me, huh?
Oh! There he is!
Welcome back, Ace. Ya brat.
[GARP]
Luffy, this here is Ace.
He's three years older than you.
You play nice.
[ACE]
Hmph.
[GARP] This is the
path that you chose--
you and your brother alike!
Come on, Grandpa!
You gotta let me by, please!
[GARP] A pirate has the gall
to ask a marine to step aside?
[LUFFY yells]
Told you I'd do it!
Luffy, you really are crazy.
[SENGOKU]
I will execute the both of you
right here and with
my own bare hands!
Gum-Gum...
...Giant Balloon!
[MARINE B] The whole
scaffold's coming down!
Blow 'em to bits before
they hit the ground!
[MARINE C gasps]
Look there, in the smoke!
It's a tunnel of flames!
[ACE]
Ever since you were little,
you've never listened
to a word I said.
Then you run off and do
something crazy!
Just like old times, huh, Luffy?
Let's go!
[PIRATE A]
You did it, Straw Hat!
Your papa would be so proud!
You think you can still fight?
Are you kiddin' me?
[MARINES grunt]
[ACE] That's my
little brother, y'know.
I can't have you murdering him.
Fire Fist!
[MARINES screaming]
This is fun and all,
but the sooner we leave
this dump, the better!
Uh-huh!
We can't let them get away!
Gum-Gum...
Firefly!
...Jet Gatling!
[ACE]
Fiery Doll!
Gotta admit, you've
gotten pretty tough.
And one of these days,
I'll be even stronger than you!
And now, Pheasant Beak!
Fire Mirror!
He just vaporized Aokiji's ice!
[WHITEBEARD]
Listen up, Whitebeard Pirates,
and listen well.
These are my final
orders as your captain,
so you'd better follow them!
You must survive and
return to the New World
and continue without me!
Old guy, no!
What are you--?
I'm the only pirate here
that you should be
worrying about right now!
[MARINES gasp, scream]
Come on, Straw Boy!
Time to make an exit,
on the double!
Ace, let's go!
The old guy made up his mind.
I hear you. I know
this is the end.
[AKAINU] As soon as they rescued
Fire Fist Ace, they fled!
What a cowardly crew of pirates!
Just like their captain!
That man's a lonely old fool,
sending his sons to their death.
Whitebeard is nothing but
a washed up failure.
[ACE]
A failure?
No one gets away
with mocking Pops.
Whitebeard is the greatest
pirate who ever lived,
you hear me?
This is his era and
don't you forget it!
[ACE groans]
[PIRATE B]
He burned Ace! But how?
[LUFFY]
Ace's Vivre Card.
[ACE]
What?
No!
Luffy!
[LUFFY gasps]
Oh no, Ace.
[ACE groans]
No, it can't be.
Akainu killed him! Ace is dead!
[ACE]
Sorry, Luffy. I tried.
[LUFFY gasps]
Looks like this is
as far as I go.
Forgive me.
[LUFFY]
C'mon, what're you saying?
This isn't over yet!
Hurry! Someone help!
Please, we can save him!
It's over.
I can feel my life
slipping away.
This is it.
[ACE] Maybe I never
should've been born.
Maybe I never deserved to
live in the first place.
But you promised me
when we were little kids.
You said you'd protect
your little brother!
And then you promised me
you wouldn't die!
Remember that?
I hardly had a will to live.
Or at lease I wouldn't have.
If it weren't for Sabo.
And for you, of course.
I had to look after my
little brother all the time.
If I didn't, then I was afraid
you'd turn out like me.
Oh, yeah.
If you see Dadan,
tell her I said hello,
and thank her for
putting up with us.
I never thought I'd
miss a woman like her,
but I guess dying does
funny things to you.
Don't say that--
You're not gonna die!
[ACE]
There is one thing that hurts.
[gasps]
It's a shame, but when
you fulfill your dream,
I won't be around to see it.
[ACE] It's fine.
I have faith you can do it.
'Cause you're my brother.
[ACE] I can't raise my voice
anymore-- I'm too weak.
Could you tell everyone else
what I'm about to say?
[ACE]
Pops, my family,
and you especially, my brother.
Thank you all.
For caring about
someone like me.
Someone the world never wanted.
Thank you all.
For loving me.
[LUFFY gasps]
[sobbing]
[ACE] Sabo told me
to take care of you.
So I promise, I'm not gonna die.
[SABO] You probably
didn't know I was alive,
or that I was with the
Revolutionary Army.
That means Ivankov
is a friend of mine.
So I heard all about what
happened at Marineford.
But I couldn't be there.
You and Luffy have every
right to be angry with me.
[sobs]
I'm sorry, Ace.
I left you to die.
[SABO] I've wanted to
see you again for so long.
But not like this.
I swear to carry on your will.
It's all that I can do now.
[SABO] I know our brother
Luffy would do the same.
[NARRATOR] This is the
story of three brothers.
Ace, Luffy, and Sabo.
The bonds that they share
carry on through life
and through death alike.
[NARRATOR] Beautiful flowers
paint the landscape
in this land of
love and passion.
Like a fairy tale,
toys come to life
and walk the city streets
alongside humans.
Such sights are common
in the land of Dressrossa.
[TOY CHEF]
Here you are.
A piping hot
Dress Shrimp Paella!
[gasps]
[TOY CHEF] My, that's not
supposed to happen.
Pardon me, sir.
Oh, wow. That smells good!
[NARRATOR]
Investigating a world-wide
weapon-smuggling operation,
Sabo comes to meet an associate
from the Revolutionary Army,
who has infiltrated the
country ahead of him.
[KOALA]
Hey, are you listening?
[SABO] Yeah, Koala,
What's the situation?
[KOALA] Well, first off,
the army's not buying our food.
Now as you know,
King Riku was ousted
from the throne
and Don Quixote Doflamingo
took over ten years ago.
[SABO] Mm-hmm. The official
story is that King Riku suddenly
turned on his own
people one day.
Then Doflamingo
saved the country
by defeating him
and taking command.
Whether that's true or not,
there were no issues with weapon
smuggling during Riku's reign.
In other words,
we have reason to believe
Doflamingo's in on
the operation.
[TOY CHEF] Here's your
Rose Squid Ink Pasta! Enjoy!
[gasps]
[TOY CHEF giggles]
How rude of me.
You're doing that on
purpose, aren't you?
All three of the Don Quixote
Family's top executives
have Devil Fruit Powers--
and strong ones, too.
[KOALA] Diamante ate
the Ripple Ripple Fruit.
Pica ate the Stone Stone Fruit.
And Trebol ate the
Stick Stick Fruit.
Their other members are
quite dangerous as well.
Our greatest concern
is a girl named Sugar.
Unfortunately, we're not
sure what she looks like,
but we know that she ate
the Hobby Hobby Fruit.
That means she can
transform people into toys.
Wait, that's not good. [gasps]
So, all the toys
here are people?
[RANDOM MAN A]
He's got humanitis!
[gasps]
I know I look strange,
but try to remember!
It's me! I'm your father!
[ANTONIO screams]
It's hurting me!
You get away from my boy!
Help! Somebody!
Antonio! Maria!
Please remember me!
I love you!
I'm a human! A human!
[ROBO DAD screams]
[KOALA] It seems that those
who are transformed into toys
also slip out of
people's memories.
This kingdom may look
like fun on the surface,
but the reality is quite
horrifying, isn't it?
I assume Doflamingo's
responsible for this, too?
[TOY CHEF] Here is your Fairy
Pumpkin Gazpacho, sir! Enjoy!
[KOALA] By the way,
one of Riku's daughters
is a member of the
Don Quixote Family now.
There's got to be a real
story behind that one.
[KOALA] Unfortunately,
we don't know the details.
Her name is Violet, though.
She has extraordinary
powers of perception.
They say she's clairvoyant.
Sounds like a pain.
Does that mean she
knows we're here?
[KOALA] Well, she hasn't
blown our cover yet,
so let's hope for the best.
Riku also has a granddaughter.
She fights as a gladiator
in the Colosseum.
Wow, that's quite the
interesting family he's got.
So, do we know where they're
producing all these weapons yet?
[KOALA]
I'm afraid not.
We're still working
that part out.
I've seen what appeared
to be trading ships arrive
in the middle of the night,
but they always find
some way to vanish.
By the time morning comes, it's
like they never came at all.
My guess is there's a hidden
port somewhere on the island.
[SABO]
Hmm. Underground, you think?
Yeah, probably.
Thanks to tight security,
there are a few places
I haven't checked out yet.
The palace, of course.
And the Colosseum.
[SABO]
Guarding the Colosseum?
That sounds fishy.
I'm gonna check the
place out tonight, okay?
[laughs] That's what
I thought you'd say.
Hack is going undercover
there as we speak.
[HACK grunting]
[KOALA]
He entered some big tournament
sponsored by Doflamingo.
That should be
starting pretty soon.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL]
Cu-lick.
[KOALA] Speak of the devil.
That's him now.
Hey, got some news.
They announced the prize for the
tournament and it's a big one.
[KOALA]
Is that really relevant?
He bothered to call,
so it must be something crazy.
So are you gonna win and
be a billionaire, Hack?
[HACK]
Is that Sabo's voice I hear?
When did you show up?
Earlier today.
[HACK] Just in time!
You'll want to hear this.
The tournament prize--
it's better than money.
It's...
[SABO gasps]
[NARRATOR] A little while later
and a short distance away.
Whoa! We made it!
All I can see is rocks,
but that must be Dressrossa!
[NARRATOR] Luffy arrives in
Dressrossa with his new allies:
Kin'emon from the Wano Kingdom
and the pirate Trafalgar Law.
Also present is their
captive, Caesar Clown.
The crew quickly
splits into three teams,
with one staying on the boat.
Another heads to the
small island of Greenbit,
where they have arranged
a meeting with Doflamingo
in order to hand over
his associate, Caesar.
Meanwhile, a third group
heads to the main island
with plans to launch an attack
on Doflamingo's SMILE Factory,
where artificial Devil Fruits
are produced.
[cheering]
[GATZ]
Ladies and gentlemen,
we've got one hell of an
event lined up for you!
It's a once-in-
a-lifetime opportunity!
The king has entrusted us with
an extraordinary prize
for today's show!
And here to share the news
is our fine ruler himself,
King Doflamingo!
[RANDOM DOFFY FAN A]
Yeah! It's him! The king!
Hello, everyone.
Here's a little story.
If someone with Devil Fruit
powers happens to die,
then somewhere in the world,
their fruit will appear.
Two years ago, a famous
pirate lost his life
in the War of the Best
at Marineford,
making his Devil Fruit
"available."
And after some
effort on my part,
it just so happens it's made
its way to our fair city.
I'm speaking, of course,
of the Devil Fruit
once belonging to the son
of the King of the Pirates.
Fire Fist Ace.
Even if he met his maker young,
Ace's exploits are well known.
His fruit has been in high
demand since his demise.
And so today,
I offer it to the winner
of this tournament!
It's a Logia, the most coveted
type of Devil Fruit power!
This is the Flame Flame Fruit!
[LUFFY gasps]
[CROWD cheering]
Ha! Well, guess who's
taking that home today?
[BALD GLADIATOR]
You're talking about me, right?
[LEOPARD PANTS GLADIATOR]
Forget the fruit, you moron!
Get some pants!
[chuckles] However,
a special prize also requires
a special trial.
Therefore, Mister Diamante,
the champion of the Colosseum,
will be participating
in the final round.
If you want to run,
now's the time,
'cause you're about
to face a hero!
[CROWD]
Diamante! Diamante! Diamante!
Diamante!
Buncha damn fools.
Speaking of which, I'm sure
Straw Hat will show up.
Take good care of him.
Heh. Well, that goes
without saying, doesn't it?
I'll eviscerate the little punk.
[NARRATOR]
With this new development,
Luffy's plan to topple
Doflamingo unraveled
almost as quickly as it began.
[SABO]
That bastard.
He has no right to
speak my brother's name.
I knew you'd come running.
I'm just here for the search.
So you say.
Look, the mission comes first.
I can't have Koala
getting mad at me.
Right. Ace was
your bro, wasn't he?
I want it! I want that fruit!
That was Ace's power--
I'm not gonna let someone
he didn't even know take it!
That's not what he would want!
Huh. So the fruit's
like a memento?
It seems like too much of
a coincidence, though.
Doflamingo's setting
a trap for you.
Not that you care, I'm sure.
So I say, go for it, bro.
You don't want
any regrets, right?
You gotta win this, though.
[LUFFY]
Mm.
[NARRATOR] And so, Luffy left
the attack on the SMILE Factory
to Franky and entered the
tournament at the Colosseum.
That's cool!
I like this place already!
Listen, Luffy, you can do
whatever you want in there,
but you gotta
keep up your disguise!
That's easy!
[KYROS]
Greetings!
Do you senior citizens require
assistance with anything?
[LUFFY laughs]
This little guy is funny!
[KYROS]
Oh, am I?
Then how about this?
Or this maybe?
--[LUFFY laughs]
--Funny enough?
[FRANKY] Yeah, real cute.
Now would you move?
Oh! I'm in the way.
Please excuse me!
[GLADIATORS grunting]
[FEMALE ATTENDANT A] This is the
waiting room for our gladiators.
[LUFFY] Sweet! They're
all here to fight?
I wonder if they're
as tough as they look!
He's gonna get
slaughtered out there.
Let the guy have his fun.
All right! [laughs]
[LUFFY] Ooh. That's one
awesome-looking warrior guy.
[REBECCA]
Taken an interest in Kyros?
[LUFFY]
Hm? Who're you?
[REBECCA]
My name is Rebecca.
I'm a gladiator.
I don't quite stack up
to Kyros, though.
He's the greatest warrior
this Colosseum has ever known.
Three thousand battles,
three thousand victories.
[LUFFY]
Wow, he sounds pretty strong.
Yes, he was.
Although no one in the city
seems to remember him at all.
Ha? I don't get it,
but whatever.
The guy has a manly statue.
That's all I need to know.
By the way,
which block are you in?
[LUFFY]
C.
That's good. I'm in Block D.
[REBECCA]
Best of luck out there.
To both of us.
[cheering]
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[BURGESS]
Happy Store!
[NARRATOR] The tournament began
with over 550 contestants.
But in the first
block of fighters,
only one man is left standing.
[BURGESS grunts]
Oh my! That's Jesus Burgess!
That bag on his head was
hiding the terrible truth!
The notorious pirate
from Blackbeard's crew
entered the tournament
as "Mr. Store"
and single-handedly
devastated all of Block A!
[laughs]
Aw man, I didn't
know he was here.
All right, Block B.
It's time for you
to enter the ring!
[HACK] Don't worry, I'll
get the Flame Flame Fruit.
You investigate the
Colosseum as planned.
[SABO]
Roger that.
[GATZ] And now, 138 contenders
will take the stage
for the Block B qualifiers!
The last man standing
will proceed to the finals!
So let's sound the bell and
get this show on the road!
[GLADIATORS yelling]
A Four Thousand Brick Fist
should do the job! [yells]
Hey, who are you?
[COLOSSEUM GUARD B]
This area is off limits!
I need a bathroom!
[COLOSSEUM GUARD A]
You can't use ours! Turn around!
[ANTSY GLADIATOR]
I can't hold it!
[SABO] It's just one
dead end after another.
There must be an entrance
to the basement somewhere.
[APPALLED WOMAN A screams]
[BARTOLOMEO groans] Aw yeah,
that's the stuff, baby. Huh?
I'm not too proud
to strike from behind
if you won't take
this seriously.
You'd better finish with
that quickly, you degenerate!
Whoa, hold up!
I can't just stop.
I'm defenseless here!
Fishman Karate:
Four Thousand Brick Fist!
You sucker.
[gasps]
[HACK] Forgive me, Sabo.
I've failed you.
[GATZ gasps]
Hack is down already!
I had high hopes for him, too!
[ELIZABELLO]
The time has arrived.
King...
Whoa! That doesn't look good.
...Punch!
[GLADIATORS screaming]
No one packs more
power in a punch
than the Fighting King!
I, uh, think we have
our winner for Block B!
Wait! Someone survived!
It's not over!
Huh?
Barrier!
I ate the Barrier Barrier Fruit,
so you can't lay a finger on me.
Now, Barrier Crush!
[GATZ] We don't have any rules
against indecent exposure,
so I'm afraid Bartolomeo
is the Block B champion!
[NARRATOR] In a flash, the first
two rounds are finished,
with Burgess and Bartolomeo
advancing to the finals.
[PANDA HAT MAN]
Hey, get moving, damn it!
The next battle's
about to start,
hurry and fix the ring,
you useless toys!
Would you pull it together?
You can either get up
or get scrapped!
[YELLOW ROBOT]
Please, wait a sec.
I just need to oil my
joints a little bit, sir.
Then I can work just fine!
[PANDA HAT MAN]
Shut up!
We don't have time
for that crap!
[SABO]
Hold on just a little longer.
I'll show the whole world
how corrupt this country is!
[GATZ]
Now for the third round!
The last man standing
could be the one
to inherit the legacy
of Fire Fist Ace!
I won't let you down, Ace!
[NARRATOR] Luffy begins
his battle in disguise,
but win or lose, he could be
walking into Doflamingo's trap.
[GLADIATORS chuckling]
The competitors enter the ring!
Leading the pack are
the Hasshoken masters
from the land of Kano!
I wouldn't be surprised if one
of them took the prize today!
Heh.
[GATZ] He's the 13th chief
of the Happosui Army. Sai!
[SAI grunting]
[BOO chuckles]
[GATZ] Following him
is the vice-chief. Boo!
[BOO grunting]
[GATZ] This man walked
alongside Whitebeard and Roger!
A retired chief from
the Happosui Army,
with a bounty of 500 million!
Don Chin Jao!
[GATZ] And this guy's
nothing to scoff at either!
You're as good as dead once
he's got you in his sights!
That's right, it's the bounty
hunter, Jean the Bandit!
[GATZ] Here's a pair of
fighters that take on pirates
with the highest
bounties on the sea!
[GATZ] A team of brutal
brothers, working as assassins.
The older one is Kelly Funk,
and the younger
one is Bobby Funk!
[KELLY grunting]
[GATZ] Now entering the arena,
is a Triple X-ranked boxer,
the man known as the
"Destruction Cannon." Ideo!
[GATZ]
And you can't miss this one!
A warrior from Elbaf they call
the "Pirate Mercenary"!
Say hello to the
Giant, Hajrudin!
[GATZ]
Last but not least
is the Grim Reaper
of the Colloseum.
A raging beast known
only as the Brutal Bull!
[GATZ] Now, all 139
competitors from Block C
are ready to rumble!
This is an outstanding lineup!
One of them could very well
take the Flame Flame Fruit!
[chuckles] This is gonna be fun!
[GATZ] Let's sound the bell
and get this show on the road!
[bell dings]
I'm so ready!
So, I hear you've set
your sights on Lucy.
That is none of your business.
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles] Sorry, but
that man ain't yours to kill.
That transparent disguise of his
didn't fool you either, I see.
Regardless, I will
have him as my prey.
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles] Sorry, but
our connection runs too deep.
[BARTOLOMEO] Ever since that
day I saw him at Loguetown,
my life has never been the same.
[LUFFY] I'm the man who'll
be King of the Pirates!
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
[BARTOLOMEO]
You're my hero, Luffy.
I hope someday I'm
half as cool as you.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, on the
nearby island of Greenbit,
Law and the others prepared to
hand over Caesar to Doflamingo.
[LAW]
All right, that's the beach
on the south side of the island.
We agreed to drop you off
there at three o'clock.
[USOPP] Hey, I think that
shipwreck is pretty recent.
And it looks like a Navy vessel!
[CAESAR] What? This was
not a part of the plan!
Abort the mission!
I didn't set you up.
I'm with the
Straw Hats, remember?
I don't want the Navy sticking
their noses in this either.
We still have 15 minutes before
Doflamingo's scheduled to show.
Move, you two.
Go do some surveillance
and find a sniping position.
Right. We'll get on it.
What is this place?
Why are you locked away?
None of your business!
Who are you with?
Well, anyway,
we're convict gladiators.
We were sent here
and forced to fight
because we protested
the Don Quixote Family.
We're tossed out there to die
as part of the entertainment.
There's no hope of escape.
Ten years back,
before Doflamingo became
king of this place,
the Colosseum matches weren't
fights to the death like now.
All we can do is
wait for our death.
[GATZ] We've got lots of
strong fighters today.
But one in particular literally
stands above the rest!
[HAJRUDIN yells]
[GATZ]
Let's hear it for Hajrudin!
[HAJRUDIN] If I can get my hands
on that Flame Flame Fruit,
I'll be the King of the Giants!
[GATZ] Who can stop
this raging behemoth?
Actually, speaking of which.
We've got another raging
behemoth right here!
This fighter once killed
21 death row prisoners
in a single battle!
Of course, I'm referring
to the Brutal Bull!
And yet someone has
found a way to tame,
or at least ride
this savage beast!
[CROWD laughing]
This guy's nuts! I love it!
[GATZ] I still don't
know if he can fight,
but this bearded bull-rider has
quickly become a crowd-favorite!
[LUFFY laughing]
[GATZ]
Ride on, Lucy!
[CROWD]
Lucy! Lucy!
[GATZ] I can't help but
root for the madman, myself!
[REBECCA giggles] You're a
strange one, aren't you?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL]
Cu-lick.
Hack didn't make it, huh?
[LUFFY laughing]
[USOPP]
Slow down, Robin!
If I lost sight of you,
I'll become--
Straw Hats!
We know that you're out there!
Who's that?
The Navy.
[MARINES gasping]
They robbed us! Robbed us blind!
Mil Fleurs! Campo de Flores!
I think I caught one!
Huh? Caught one what? Hey!
It seems to be little man!
Help! Won't anybody help me?
I am so confused right now.
You're very fast!
Did you rob those Marines?
[LEO]
Tranquilily!
[gasps]
What the--
[ALL yell]
Hajrudin is swatting
them down like flies!
He may be the winner today!
[SABO]
Not likely.
You forget, there's a living
legend fighting out there.
[CHIN JAO laughs]
He may have retired from
his position in the army,
but he still looks tough to me.
Can't believe a big fish
like him came out to play.
But I'm not giving up the
Flame Flame Fruit to anyone.
I'll find a way to
get it, just you wait.
[laughs] Go, Moocy, go!
We make a great team!
[LUFFY laughing]
Yahoo!
You wanna fight? Be my guest.
[gasps]
C'mon. Gimme your best shot.
Moocy! Go! Run away!
--No!
--It can't be!
[GATZ] The fan favorites
meet a violent end!
I'm heartbroken!
[HAJRUDIN yelling]
[GATZ] Although their time here
was tragically cut short,
they'll ride on in
our hearts forever.
Huh? Huh?!
[CROWD gasping]
[LUFFY grunts]
[GLADIATORS scream]
[SABO]
Hm?
[CROWD cheering]
[GATZ]
The giant has been bested!
Lucy proved me wrong!
I'm both shocked and
intrigued by this new twist!
Could we have a new
champion in the making?
I hope we can fight
together again someday.
I'm gonna carry you off
to the side now. 'Kay?
[RANDOM LUCY FAN]
Lucy! That was awesome!
[GATZ] Lucy has taken a short
time-out, for his horned friend.
But I'm sure he's got
plenty more to show!
I have a feeling the battle in
Block C is about to explode!
[CROWD] Lucy! Lucy! Lucy!
Lucy! Lucy! Lucy!
[SABO]
That scar.
[LAW] That's Admiral
Fujitora from the Navy.
And now Doflamingo, too.
Joker!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LAW] I can't handle
both of them on my own.
I gotta buy some time.
[GATZ]
The Funk Brothers combined
and made short work of Boo!
Meanwhile, Jean the Bandit
nabbed Lucy's helmet
for some reason!
[LUFFY]
Hey! Give that back!
[JEAN chuckles]
I heard a funny story, Lucy.
They say a certain
pirate named Straw Hat
entered this
tournament in secret.
Would you happen to know
anything about that?
[SABO]
Luffy.
Just like me, you're thinking
of Ace, aren't you?
I believe that's
Garp's grandson.
How dare he show
his face before me!
[GLADIATORS scream]
[GATZ] Whoa! Chin Jao
dashes into the fray!
[yells]
Looks like we've got about
40 fighters left in Block C!
It's coming down to the
best of the best out there!
[DIAMANTE] You should be
ashamed of yourself, Straw Hat,
walking straight into Doffy's
trap without a second thought.
[gasps]
Ya gotta be kidding me.
You trying to
kill me, too? Damn!
[MARINES yelling]
[LAW]
Room!
[grunting]
Whoa. That was nuts.
But all three of them
made off without a scratch.
Just a test.
There's more to come.
[KELLY grunting]
Seems that my brother
did not train hard enough.
Damn, pal, that's harsh!
Rah-Rah-Rah-Rampage!
[SAI] As chief of the army, I
can't show favor to my brother.
But I will always
avenge my subordinates!
[GATZ] The power of Hasshoken
will not be denied!
[CHIN JAO] You will pay
in blood, Straw Hat Luffy!
That wretched
grandfather of yours
robbed me of my treasure
and my livelihood alike!
[LUFFY]
Not my problem!
Why don't you take it up
with him if you're so mad?
Long have I dreamed of
my revenge against Garp,
but I see now that death
is too sweet a mercy!
Instead, I'll kill you,
so he may know the
pain of loss I feel!
[JEAN chuckles]
Shoulda worked harder on
that secret identity, Straw Hat.
[LUFFY]
It's none of your business!
Now gimme my helmet!
[JEAN] Let's see how you like
my Charitable Donation attack.
Come take your helmet,
if you can!
By the way, my business has
been booming thanks to you.
I've been cleaning up
all those prisoners
you broke out of
Impel Down two years back.
In fact, I captured so many
of the bastards, I lost count!
[JEAN]
Why is he so hard to hit?
[LUFFY, JEAN]
Huh?
[LUFFY]
Hey! Gimme that!
[JEAN]
Huh?
I won't suffer another
sword thrown at my belly!
[GATZ]
Out of bounds!
Say good night to Jean!
With a flying headbutt
and a beard full of fury,
Don Chin Jao proves
that he's still got it
after all these years!
Now where'd that little
bastard run off to?
[LAW panting]
Bullet String.
You think you can one-up
me in my own country?
There you are, Straw Hat!
Face your demise!
Okay, whoever you are!
I gotta beat everyone
here sooner or later,
so have it your way!
[GATZ]
In the center of the ring,
Ideo and Sai are locked into
a life-or-death struggle!
Both contenders seem
evenly matched!
Either one could take
home the prize today!
[LUFFY]
Outta the way!
Get lost!
[gasps]
[CROWD gasps]
Conqueror's Haki.
They-- They knocked
'em them all out!
[GATZ]
Only two remain!
[CROWD cheering]
I knew Chin Jao
wouldn't go down easy.
Good luck out there, Luffy.
[laughs] A power like that is
wasted on a brat like you.
What sort of king could
you ever hope to be?
The King of the Pirates!
Such insolence!
Many in the New World
have the quality of a king!
To think that you should stand
above them all is sheer folly!
Who taught you to use
the power of Haki?
Rayleigh.
[CHIN JAO]
So he's still alive, is he?
How annoying!
[gasps]
Huh? Huh? Huh?!
Why must you
remind me of the past?
Give me back
my treasure, Straw Hat!
Oh, I may gaze
upon its splendor,
but it lies forever
out of reach!
So close, yet so far!
A living hell!
[crying]
[GATZ] Something has brought
this living legend to tears,
but I can't imagine what!
[crying]
[CHIN JAO] "Chin Jao
the Drill" they called me,
due to the extraordinary
shape of my head.
But no more!
Do you know what your
grandfather Garp did to me?
You can be mad or you
can cry, but pick one!
[SABO]
Luffy, watch out!
[LUFFY grunting]
[CHIN JAO]
Hiyaho!
[LUFFY yelling]
[LUFFY yells]
[CHIN JAO]
Hiyaho.
[GATZ]
This is a battle for the ages!
Or at least, I assume it is.
They're going too
fast for me to see
much of anything at this point!
I don't know what history
these bearded battlers share,
but this seems to be
quite the grudge match!
Let's just hope they save
some steam for the finals!
[chuckles] You've got
some fire in you.
[LUFFY pants] You're tough,
old dude, but I won't lose!
You don't know a damned thing!
In this state, I am but
a wolf without fangs,
and yet, for all your mettle,
you still struggle against me.
Better to quit now.
The waters ahead
will swallow you up!
[gasps]
[CHIN JAO] If Rayleigh has
chosen a mediocrity such as you
as his champion in this new age,
then he has grown
senile, I fear.
Whitebeard's passing was a
greater loss than I thought.
Not that I can blame the Navy.
They had the right
of it two years back.
Stamping out Ace and the
devil's blood in his veins
was the genius that
can shape an era!
What?
You've already proven that you
can't stand up to the Admirals!
How well do you think you'll
fair against the Emperors, then?
You're no Gold Roger!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Hawk Rifle!
[LUFFY]
Hm?
Not yet, boy!
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Rocket!
[GATZ]
Lucy has taken to the skies!
I'll settle this.
Consider this your
trial by fire!
Fueled by over 30 years
of contempt towards Garp.
I shall put an end to
your foolish dreams
with a single blow!
[CHIN JAO] I shall curse your
name until my dying day, Garp!
And I shall curse your children
and your grandchildren
all the same!
What the heck is that?
I'm in awe! It's huge!
Lucy's arm has become
mysteriously gigantic!
[CHIN JAO] Garp, just as
you took my treasure,
I shall take the life of
your grandson in one blow!
I won't be satisfied
till you're crushed down
to the marrow in your bones!
Hasshoken Secret Art!
[LUFFY]
Here I go!
Gum-Gum Thor...
You will die!
...Elephant Gun!
[CHIN JAO]
Non Drill Dragon.
Non Nail!
[gasps]
[CROWD gasps]
Wait. That's a ring out!
Chin Jao has been
eliminated by his own head!
[bell dinging]
[chuckles] Hell yeah!
[GATZ] Our bull-riding,
giant-fisted mystery hero
has walloped his way
to the finals!
Let's hear it for Lucy!
[laughs]
[MALE LUCY FAN A]
Lucy!
[FEMALE LUCY FAN A]
He has the momentum,
but can Lucy take
it all the way?
Just one round left,
then the final battle
for the Flame Flame Fruit
will begin at last!
[GATZ] The first three champions
of the Corrida Colosseum
have been decided.
They'll not only
face each other,
but Diamante as well
in the last match!
Unfortunately, Chin Jao's
extremely mighty cranium
has rendered the arena unusable,
so there will be a 15 minute
delay before Block D begins.
[SABO chuckles]
The mighty gladiator Lucy, huh?
[CAVENDISH]
Come back here, Straw Hat!
[LUFFY] I don't have
time for you, go away!
[CAVENDISH]
I challenge you to a duel!
[SAI] Wait! Our grandfather
needs to speak with you! Please!
Buzz off! I just wanna rest
before my next fight!
When you're worth 400 million,
it's hard to find
a moment of peace.
[SABO] Whoever thought
my crybaby little brother
would turn into such
a force of nature?
Funny, isn't it, Ace?
Hey! Sabo!
Ace! There you are!
[ACE]
Sorry, I'm a little late.
[SABO] Whoa, dude!
You got way more than me!
That's a ton of cash!
What happened?
Snagged it from some
chumps near the gate.
How 'bout that?
Guess you win again!
[ACE]
Who cares if you win or lose?
We've got five years of
pirate savings piled up.
We should both be happy.
We worked hard for this.
I wonder how much
it would cost us
to buy a really
cool pirate ship.
[LUFFY]
Pirate ship?
[BOTH gasp]
Does that mean
you wanna be pirates?
Sweet, I'm gonna
be a pirate, too!
[BOTH gasp]
[ACE]
He knows our secret.
We can't trust him
to keep his mouth shut.
We'll kill him.
Right. Good plan.
[gasps] No, someone help me!
Please, I don't wanna die!
Hey, keep your voice down!
All I said was I wanna
be a pirate, too!
[SABO, ACE gasp]
Dammit, someone's here!
The black-haired kid who
robbed you must've been Ace.
He and Sabo have quite a
reputation around these parts.
This isn't good.
You can say that again.
How was I supposed to know those
guys were working with Bluejam?
This is not gonna end well.
[SABO] Yeah, that's
Porchemy. He's crazy.
Lose a fight with that guy
and he'll scalp you alive
just so he can
listen to you scream.
Just lay low and
let 'em pass by for now.
[SABO]
Uh-oh. Where'd he go?
Hey, put me down right now!
[ACE, SABO]
How did he get caught already?
Ace, get over here! Help me!
We should've just killed him!
Now we're all dead!
How 'bout that?
So I hear you know Ace, huh?
Yeah, he's my friend!
[BOTH gasp]
[LUFFY] Well, he just tried
to kill me, so maybe not.
Is this runt serious?
Quiet down, Ace. He'll hear!
If he's your friend,
maybe you can help us.
You see, Ace stole our money,
and if we get it back,
nobody has to get hurt.
I don't suppose you know
where it might be?
Gee... uhh...
I dunno!
[PORCHEMY]
What a crappy liar!
[chuckles] I'm sure
you just forgot,
but don't worry,
I'll jog your memory.
[LUFFY]
I told you, I don't know!
Let go of me,
you dumb jerk! Hey!
Okay, that should do it.
[panting] Hey!
Sabo!
I moved all the treasure,
it should be safe now!
What's up?
Did they start poking around at
that other tree for the money?
No, they're still...
looking for us. I guess...
...Luffy must not have
told them anything yet!
[gasps]
[PORCHEMY]
Spit it out already, kid!
--[PORCHEMY grunting]
--[LUFFY groaning]
Answer me!
[LUFFY]
No.
[PORCHEMY growls]
I'll never tell!
[growls] Oh, you will!
[PORCHEMY grunting]
[LUFFY coughs] I won't tell.
You can't make me!
[panting]
Fine. Enough of this.
We're finished here.
[BOTH]
Let him go!
[HOODLUM A]
There he is!
That's the brat who
stole all our money!
Ace! Sabo!
[yells]
[SABO grunts]
[ACE]
Sabo!
[gasps] Ace!
Thanks for showing up, kid.
You sure saved us
a lot of trouble.
[PORCHEMY groans]
You okay, boss? [gasps]
Whoa.
Let's make a run for it!
[ACE]
You go on ahead!
Are you crazy? We have to go!
I don't run from my enemies.
I take them down!
[gasps]
You better give back
what belongs to us, kid.
[ACE] Nah, we've got
better plans for it.
I've had enough of your lip.
I'd sooner kill myself than
be beaten by brats like you!
I'm right behind you!
Come at me, you pricks!
[BOTH yelling]
[cries] That was scary!
I thought I was gonna
die back there for sure!
Would you be quiet?
You're not hurt that bad!
You'll never be a pirate if you
keep acting like such a baby!
[BOTH gasp]
Okay. Thanks, Ace.
Thank you so much for saving me!
I said stop!
Calm down,
he's just happy, okay?
Anyway, why didn't
you just tell them
so they'd stop hitting you?
If I did, I thought you
wouldn't be my friend.
[ACE] Who cares, it's better
than getting yourself killed.
Besides, why would you
want to be my friend?
Because I--
I don't have anybody!
Getting beat up might hurt,
but being lonely hurts more!
You mean that you feel better
having me with you?
[LUFFY]
Mm.
And without me you'd be lonely?
[LUFFY]
Mm.
[ACE] So do you think I...
deserve to live?
Of course I do!
I see.
But you're still annoying.
Crybabies like you really
piss me off, you know.
Have you ever gotten hit
by a spiky thing that big?
I'm only seven, remember?
You just wait till
I'm ten years old.
I'll be so strong
I won't ever cry!
When I was seven, I was way
tougher than you are, squirt!
[LUFFY] So what? I'm gonna be
so tough, you're gonna cry!
I promised Shanks I'd be
a great pirate someday,
and that means
way greater than you!
[ACE]
You mean a crappy pirate.
--[LUFFY] Nuh-uh!
--[ACE] Yeah-huh!
Wait a second, you guys.
In case you forgot,
we got a problem here.
Those pirates are bound to
come looking for us now.
We may be kids,
but if they find us,
they'll kill us without
giving it a second thought.
Not only that, but the
forest I've been living in
is awfully close to their
hideout, so here's the plan.
[DADAN screams]
Ace, Luffy, get up!
Who is this kid?
Two brats is already too many!
Oh, hi, you must be Dadan.
My name's Sabo.
Sabo? I don't care
what your name is!
Nobody said you could stay
with me, ya worthless rascal!
Worthless? We'll get
along just fine then.
I heard you were a
worthless old hag.
[DADAN] Call me a hag one more
time and you're outta here!
[ACE, SABO laughing]
Gum-Gum... Pisto--
Gum-Gu--
Gum-Gu--[gasps]
Come on, would you
pull it together already?
One for Ace.
Aww man! One more try!
Forget it.
Only a hundred fights
a day, remember?
Luffy lost 50 times
to each of us today.
It looks like you
beat me 26 to 24, Ace.
Wow, only two points.
That was close!
Heh, heh.
That's no fair!
You just win
'cause you're older.
Wait till I turn ten!
You do realize we'll
be 13 then, right?
--[LUFFY groans]
--[ACE laughs]
[laughs]
Face it, twerp, you're
never gonna catch up to us.
Yeah? Watch me!
[ACE laughing]
[SABO] It looks like this isn't
my fight to win after all.
I'm counting on you, Luffy.
[GATZ]
Sorry for the wait!
We seem to be missing
one contender from Block D,
but the other 137
are ready to rumble!
Now, that looks yummy.
I could eat crocodile every day!
You can't swim, Luffy.
You should probably
stay up here and wait--
Crocodile meat!
[ACE, SABO] That thing's
gonna eat you for dinner!
[SABO] Told you they'd
love that crocodile meat.
Our pirate savings
are really piling up!
[COP A]
Hm?
[ACE gasps]
I'm really hungry.
Let's go eat somewhere.
[ACE]
Three ramens please.
Wow! So this is ramen, huh?
[ALL]
So good!
[WAITRESS A]
Sorry to keep you waiting--
Seriously?
[ALL gasp]
[RAMEN MAN A] Get out of here,
you little urchins!
[CROWD gasps]
[COP A gasps]
Dammit, those three brats again?
How do they keep
getting through?
Don't let them get away!
I don't care if they're kids,
they belong in jail!
Wait, Sabo? Is that really you?
You're still alive?
Who's that?
He must be confused.
[ACE]
Hey, wait!
No! Sabo, come back!
I think he knows you.
C'mon, Sabo, we can't keep
secrets from each other!
[LUFFY, ACE gasp]
[ACE]
The son of a noble?
[SABO] Yeah, that guy who
was calling out to me.
That was my father.
[ACE] If you're really
from a noble family,
why would you want to
live in some junk heap?
[SABO] I ran away
because I realized that
they love their money and
their status, but not their son.
I know you guys
have it a lot worse,
but even with parents,
I was still alone.
You must stay away from
Gray Terminal, Sabo.
You don't belong with
those commoners.
That's how nobles are.
They look down on Gray Terminal.
But at least the people
there know how to be free.
They don't live their lives
to impress other people.
Anyway, listen.
The three of us are gonna get
out of this country one day.
We're gonna sail across the
seas and see the whole world!
[chuckles]
Look, you don't gotta
tell me what I already know.
I'm gonna be a pirate anyway!
The toughest pirate
there ever was.
The whole world's
gonna know who I am!
That'll be the legacy
I leave behind.
I don't care if people hate me.
I don't care if they
wish I was dead.
But they won't ignore me!
'Cause that's exactly what it
means to be a great pirate.
[LUFFY chuckles]
Just a great one, huh?
Then I'll be the king!
[LUFFY laughs]
Jeez, Luffy.
You just had to
show me up, didn't you?
[SABO laughs] Man, you're
always good for a laugh!
You know, I can tell your
life's gonna be crazy.
[ACE]
Lemme tell you a secret.
All it takes to become brothers
is to share some saké!
Whoa, really? That is so cool!
We may sail in different seas,
or we might end up
with different people
on different ships.
But wherever we go and
whatever adventures we have,
the three of us will have a bond
that can never be broken!
So, from here on out,
we're brothers!
Cheers to that!
[ALL]
Cheers!
[ALL laughing]
Brother.
I'm sorry.
[BARTOLOMEO squeals]
It's really Zoro! In the flesh!
Zoro? Sorry, never met the guy.
[BARTOLOMEO]
I-It's okay.
I won't blow your cover!
I'm on Mister Luffy's side!
Then stop yelling
our names so much!
Who the hell are you, anyway?
I'm your fan!
I'm your biggest fan
in the whole wide world!
[ZORO]
Stop crying!
[BARTOLOMEO] Are you
looking for Mister Luffy?
If I bring him here,
can I get your autograph?
Oh, you know where
he's at? That's handy.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Don't you worry one bit!
I'll find him even if
it kills me! I swear!
I wonder if Luffy's
whole crew is here.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Pentachromatic Strings!
[sighs] Well,
I screwed this one up.
C'mon, Mister Luffy.
Where did you go?
I'm your biggest fan,
throw me a bone here.
Mister Zoro had faith in me.
I can't let him down.
[gasps] It's you! Mister Luffy!
[LAW]
Scalpel!
This is just sad.
[chuckles] Is that
all you've got?
What's the plan now, Law?
You really wanna fight
the king in his own city?
[LUFFY]
Huh? Zoro! Kin'emon!
Stop yelling! We're
in disguise, remember?
[LUFFY] That rooster-head
guy with the crazy teeth
said you wanted to talk to me?
Yeah. Where is he?
[LUFFY] Oh, uh, he screamed
a bunch and passed out.
So? Is the plan going okay?
Screw the plan!
There's a tournament going on
and you didn't even
bother to tell me!
I wanna fight, too!
Oh, good point. Sorry.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
So how does this thing work?
[ZORO]
What are you trying to do?
Sir Sanji said we
were to call him
the moment we
encountered Sir Luffy.
Do whatever.
But Luffy, this is
the deal, though.
The Navy's here and they've got
the whole Colosseum on lockdown.
--[LUFFY] So?
--You don't care?
Have you forgotten our mission?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
[SANJI]
Huh? Guess that's Kin'emon.
Call Usopp with the
other snail, okay, Chopper?
[CHOPPER]
Got it.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL]
Cu-lick.
Hey, Sanji! Everything cool?
Hey, Luffy.
Usopp here, reporting for duty!
Everyone. What's your
situation right now?
[FRANKY]
Ow! This is Franky, checkin' in.
Actually, I'm hangin' out
with Usopp and Robin.
So here's something new.
Our team hooked up with
the "King Riku Army."
They're like an
anti-Doflamingo group.
[SANJI]
An army?
Of real little dudes.
Luffy, you remember that
weird toy soldier guy
we met outside the
Colosseum earlier?
[LUFFY]
Yeah.
It turns out he's the leader
of some revolutionary army.
They're hatching a plan
to take out Doflamingo.
Like, immediately.
I know this place looks happy,
but it's got a dark side,
and man, is it ever dark.
If we can simply
knock out Sugar,
we'll stop the
effects of her power,
and all those turned into
toys will be human again.
Their loved ones
were taken away.
Their children!
Once the curse has
finally been lifted,
they will be eager to get
revenge on Doflamingo.
Since everyone's memories
have also been altered,
when the truth comes out,
the country will be in chaos!
This is the hottest
spice in the world.
It's called Tatababasco!
If we can make Sugar eat this,
she'll pass out for sure!
[KYROS] Mm. This operation must
succeed, no matter the cost!
In one fell swoop, we can
topple the Don Quixote Family,
and return this country to its
rightful ruler--King Riku!
[ALL cheer]
It's a long shot,
and I know it's not the plan,
but when I saw all those brave
little dudes, ready to fight,
I knew I had to stand with them.
It's the right thing to do!
Luffy. We got a whole
country that needs us,
and I'm not backing down!
[LUFFY]
All right then.
You go ahead and kick some ass!
We'll join up when I'm through.
Wow! Thank you, Captain.
[ALL gasp]
That seems dangerous.
What is it?
Looks like it's getting close.
[KIN'EMON screams]
What the heck?
[gasps] Traffy! And Mingo?
[panting]
Hey, get up!
This wasn't supposed to happen!
You pissed me off
for the last time, Law.
[gasps]
Traffy!
[LUFFY]
Mingo!
Why'd you shoot him?
What is this?
Oh, hello, Straw Hat.
Why don't you mind your
own damned business
before I shoot you, too?
A while back,
Law used to work for me.
All I'm doing is
settling an old score.
I'll distract him. You grab Law!
That I shall!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
[ZORO]
So heavy. What's happening?
[ZORO groans]
Sir Zoro, no!
[KIN'EMON groans]
Damn it! Hold on! I'm coming!
Aw man, sea prism stone?
[MARINES]
Admiral!
So he's an Admiral?
Well that explains things.
[LUFFY]
That guy?
We meet again.
It seems that fate works
in mysterious ways.
We're going to the palace now,
old friend. Come on.
Don't you dare.
It's not over.
Move in and capture Zoro!
[ZORO]
Tch.
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
What? Now you're all
just gonna fly away?
We gotta get moving.
Mingo!
Get out of there, okay?
There's gotta be
an exit somewhere.
We'll try 'n lose these Marines
and meet up with you later!
Okay!
Hold on, Traffy,
we'll find a way to save you!
And after that, I'm gonna
kick Doflamingo's ass!
All right, good!
Haven't tried this way!
[LUFFY]
More stupid bars!
There's gotta be some way out.
Huh?
Oh, hey, it's rooster-head guy!
Think you could help me?
[screams] M-M-M-Mister Luffy!
[BARTOLOMEO panting]
So-- So how did things go?
You-- You talked
with Zoro, right?
I passed out.
Yeah, that was weird.
But thank you.
[BARTOLOMEO]
It was all my pleasure!
Anyway, my friend is in trouble.
Do you know of a good way
to get out of here?
But you gotta win
the tournament!
What about the fruit?
I don't want just
anyone to have it.
But what can I do?
My friend could die
if I don't go help.
Don't worry one little bit!
You can leave it to me!
I know how much
Ace meant to you.
I didn't even want
the Flame Flame Fruit!
I was only fighting so
I could give it to you.
[LUFFY]
What? For real?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Yeah, you go save your buddy.
I'll win the tournament for you!
Wow, thanks!
Glad I ran into you!
[SABO]
Luffy. Ace.
I let you down once.
I can't do it again.
That prize is going to me.
I've got a right to it as well.
Sorry, Straw Hat Luffy.
Who the hell are you, punk?
You don't even have the right to
look Mister Luffy in the face!
If you had half a brain under
that stupid hat of yours,
you'd know that Luffy
is Ace's brother!
And more than that, you'd know,
he's gonna be the
King of the pirates someday!
I've known he'd be king
ever since I was a kid.
[BARTOLOMEO gasping]
And what's that
supposed to mean?
Do I know you?
You don't recognize me.
You want the fruit so bad?
Let's go! I'll fight
you for it right now!
You remember what I said?
I have a right to it.
That Devil Fruit is
all that's left of Ace.
As his brother,
it belongs to me!
[SABO]
Is that so?
But you have another
brother, don't you?
[gasps]
Yeah, I did. But he's gone.
He...
He went to sea, but how...?
It can't be.
[LUFFY gasping]
Are you...
It's been a long time,
hasn't it? Little brother.
[gasping]
[LUFFY crying]
[ZORO] You got out of there.
You found us.
What the hell are
you crying about?
[LUFFY crying]
[ZORO]
Pull it together!
You wanna save Traffy or what?
Of course I wanna save
him and beat up Mingo.
I don't even have to
worry about Ace's fruit.
I just can't believe he's alive.
And all these years,
I never knew.
[ZORO]
Who's alive?
I was so sure. Dogra said.
He told me what happened
to him and it was awful.
So, all this time,
I thought he was dead.
[KOALA]
So Robin's here, too, huh?
I'd like to see her again.
Glad you ran into Luffy, though.
[SABO]
I was worried.
I thought he was
gonna be mad at me.
[KOALA giggles]
Are you crying?
[SABO sniffles] Who do you
think you're talking to?
[KOALA] Even if you
couldn't help Ace before,
you can help Luffy now.
Time to leave the past behind.
[SABO] You're right. Let me
know as soon as you find out
what's happening
beneath the city.
[KOALA]
Right.
[SABO]
At any rate,
I found my chance to
get Ace's Devil Fruit.
I'll carry on his will.
It's all that I can do now.
[GATZ]
This is it!
The last contender
headed to the finals!
There's one left
standing in Block D!
[CROWD]
Boo!
[GATZ]
She's a convict gladiator
and the granddaughter
of King Riku.
A sad stain on the
history of Dressrossa.
Rebecca!
Die already!
I know you cheated somehow!
Go to hell!
[ZORO]
How do we get inside?
We kick ass!
[VIOLET]
You're Straw Hat, aren't you?
I've been waiting.
I'll get you into the palace.
Uh, do I know you?
I was once a princess here.
My name's Violet.
I'm helping the King Riku Army.
Listen up!
Follow this underground passage
until we reach the palace!
[KING RIKU ARMY]
Roger!
[GATZ]
All right, ladies and gentlemen,
we're about to enter
the final round!
As you'll notice, we have
a special ring set up.
Now, we wait for the finalists!
[panting] I made it, Sabo.
[REBECCA gasps] Lucy!
I'm in the final round, too!
You're not Lucy.
[SABO]
You must be Rebecca.
I know you're in a difficult
situation right now.
I can't promise that things
won't get messy in the process,
but I hope I can do
well for your country.
[gasps]
[SABO] It reminds of the
place where I grew up.
Beautiful on the outside,
but built on the suffering
of its own people,
tossed away like garbage.
[gasps] Let me go!
[BLUEJAM PIRATES chuckling]
Sabo!
Put him down, now!
What's that, pipsqueak?
You want some more, is that it?
Don't you dare!
[ACE groans]
Ace, no!
I'll be okay.
Hey, fancy-pants,
give Sabo back!
[SABO'S DAD] What do you mean
"give him back," you filthy rat?
Sabo is my son!
You should be ashamed,
steering him towards
the life of a petty thief!
No one tempted me
to do anything!
I ran away because I wanted to!
[SABO'S DAD]
We'll discuss this later.
I'll leave the other two to you.
Of course, sir. Thank you.
We'll make sure these two never
bother you, or anyone, again.
[gasps] No! Wait
a minute, Bluejam!
I get it now, Dad,
just stop this!
[SABO'S DAD]
And what exactly do you "get"?
Don't do it, Sabo!
I'll do whatever you
want me to do from now on.
I'll live whatever life
you have mapped out.
But in return,
I'm begging you, please
don't hurt my brothers!
Sabo.
[SABO'S DAD]
Then go home right now.
No, wait! Don't do this!
[ACE] Run! Don't worry
about me and Luffy!
This is your life,
you have to be free!
[laughs]
[ACE] You can't just
abandon your dreams!
[LUFFY]
Wait!
[BOTH]
Sabo!
[SABO'S MOM]
Oh, goodness!
Is it really you?
You've grown so big! [laughs]
Go on, Stelly. Say hello
to your older brother Sabo.
It's nice to meet you,
big brother!
My name is Stelly.
I'm eight years old.
What the hell?
[SABO'S DAD]
We adopted him.
If things don't
work out with you
when we choose a successor,
then... [clears throat]
Nevermind, I've said too much.
You know, you've got
quite the luck.
Tomorrow night they're taking
care of all the garbage.
To think, had you stayed in
Gray Terminal just a day longer.
Just what are you saying?
Well, you would be dead like
the rest of that riffraff--
What?
All the nobles in High Town
decided it months ago!
The World Government is
sending a group of people
to check out all
of the East Blue.
Rumor has it they
have a World Noble,
a Celestial Dragon with them.
The members of the royal
family don't want him to see
all the dirty parts
of this country,
so they decided to
burn down Gray Terminal
before he gets here!
There's a whole
ton of innocent people
living in Gray Terminal!
They can't--
Tomorrow they're gonna burn away
the shame of this country.
[gasps] The people, too?
Hey, hold on!
Well. He's a goner now.
[GRAY TERMINAL MAN A]
Run away!
[GRAY TERMINAL MAN B] The flames
are spreading everywhere!
[GRAY TERMINAL WOMAN A]
Help me!
[GRAY TERMINAL MAN C gasping]
We're stuck here.
We're all gonna die!
There's nowhere to go!
[SABO]
Ace, Luffy. Run.
[NOBLE SOLDIER A]
That kid's back again.
[NOBLE SOLDIER B]
Get outta here!
Please! My brothers
are stuck out there!
Open the gate!
[GRAY TERMINAL GUARD A]
Quit wasting your breath!
[SABO groans]
[NOBLEMEN laughing]
I'm glad we decided to
clean up our country a bit.
[CROWD screaming]
[SABO]
Ace. Luffy.
[DRAGON]
What happened to you, boy?
Please, sir.
The nobles are the ones
behind this fire.
They let all those
people die on purpose!
I'm telling the truth!
High Town reeks worse than
Gray Terminal ever did.
The people may act
nice and civilized,
but on the inside
they're all rotten!
All they care about is
making themselves look good.
If I stay here,
I'll never be free!
It's sick!
I'm so ashamed to be a noble!
[DRAGON]
Goa Kingdom.
Look what you've done
to this child.
How you've turned
him against you.
I would recommend you give up
on running away, Sabo.
[SABO]
Ace, Luffy.
I hope you guys weren't
hurt in the fire.
I wish I could see you now.
This place is like a birdcage.
I don't know where I'm going,
but I know I can't stay here.
Any place is better than this.
Where can I find freedom?
To be honest, I'm not even sure
if I know what freedom is.
Hey, wait a minute!
Why would there be a
ship leaving port now?
[MALE NOBLE G] Look, a child
is steering that boat!
The weather's nice today!
Just perfect for setting sail!
Did that kid steal my
fishing boat? I had no idea!
What's gotten into you, Sabo?
What do you think
you're doing out there?
[RANDOM MALE NOBLE A] That must
be the government vessel!
Wow, their ship's pretty big!
That thing could
run right over me.
Let's avoid that.
Sabo!
But there's a child
on that ship, sir!
Anyone displaying a black
flag is a filthy pirate,
no matter how old he may be!
Not only that, but any
commoner who's stupid enough
to cross Jalmack's ship
deserves to die!
[SABO]
Damn! Why'd he shoot me?
So Sabo...
[ACE]
You're lying to me!
Why would you even joke
about stuff like that, Dogra?
I told you exactly
what I saw, I swear!
It happened in the
blink of an eye!
[gasps]
[ACE] Tell me where I can find
the bastard that killed him!
I'm gonna beat him to
death with my bare ha--
Enough of that crap already!
This country killed Sabo.
No, this whole rotten
world killed him!
So what's a little brat
like you gonna do?
[crying]
[ACE]
Dammit, let me go!
[DOGRA] We got a letter!
It's signed by Sabo.
I think it's really from him!
[SABO]
Ace. Luffy.
By the time you get this letter,
I'll already be gone.
I'm heading out to sea.
One thing led to another,
and I decided to set out first.
I don't know where
I'm going yet,
but anywhere will be
better than this place.
I'm gonna become a pirate,
whatever it takes!
I got a head start,
but you'll catch up in no time.
When we meet again,
we'll be unstoppable!
We'll have our reunion
on the Grand Line:
three pirate captains,
more free than the wind!
By the way, Ace.
Which one of us do you think
is the real "big brother"?
Anyway, wherever we sail,
we'll still have our bond.
It may sound cheesy,
but that's what I
treasure most in this world.
Luffy is still weak,
and he's a crybaby.
But he's still our little
brother, so take care of him!
How long are you gonna
lay there like a moron?
[LUFFY]
Hey, Ace. I...
I wanna get stronger!
That way, I can
protect everyone!
I wouldn't have to lose
anyone I care about!
So promise me.
I'm begging you, Ace,
please don't die!
[ACE]
Cut it out, Luffy!
Now listen to me,
and you listen good!
I promise you.
I'll never die, do you hear me?
Not as long as I've got
a wussy little brother
who needs me to protect him.
Just you wait, Luffy.
The only way to live
is without regrets,
and that's what we'll do!
Someday, we're gonna
set out to sea.
We're gonna live
the life we want.
More free than anyone else.
[GATZ] I've been told that
the contenders are ready!
It's time for the final bout!
[GATZ]
Only the strongest remain!
Who will march into
the arena first?
[GATZ]
Here he is!
Lucy has returned,
standing tall!
We don't know anything about
him, but we know we love him!
[SABO]
Watch over me, Ace.
I won't lose!
[CROWD cheering]
And here's the full lineup!
Four fierce fighters
from the first rounds!
And this is the man
they must face!
[GATZ]
He helped save our country,
fighting alongside our king!
He's one of the top executives
in the Don Quixote Family!
Mister Diamante!
[CROWD cheering]
[GATZ] The losers will
go home with nothing,
but the winner will lay claim
to the Flame Flame Fruit
and the highly-coveted
Logia-type powers
that accompany it!
Now, the rules for this round.
[REBECCA HATER PIRATE]
Don't start the match!
We demands a redo for Block D!
You really think a
shrimp like Rebecca
could beat us in a fair fight?
[DIAMANTE]
I got a show going on here,
and I don't take kindly
to interruptions, okay?
This is the power of the
Flutter Flutter Fruit.
Lock.
Corrida Glaive!
[REBECCA HATERS groan]
That looks bad.
[REBECCA HATER VIKING]
It's-- It's flying!
[REBECCA HATERS scream]
Okay, so this is how the
battle is gonna go down!
The waters here are literally
swimming with the baddest,
meanest fighting fish
the oceans have ever seen.
And on one of their backs
is a tiny chest with
the Flame Flame Fruit.
I'm sure you can
guess the rules.
You grab the fruit,
you don't get eaten,
and you don't get
your ass kicked by me!
[CROWD cheering]
I think I can do that.
[BURGESS laughs]
This'll be fun!
I'm not letting your grimy hands
anywhere near that fruit!
[GATZ] You know the rules,
you know the players,
now let's start the game!
[SABO] A good,
old-fashioned brawl, huh?
Haven't done this in a while.
[DIAMANTE laughs]
Little punk.
[SABO grunts]
[DIAMANTE]
Lock!
Okay. That was close.
[gasps]
How 'bout a barrier?
[BURGESS]
Hiyah!
[BURGESS laughs]
That was easy!
[laughs]
[BURGESS]
Hm?
[BURGESS groans]
This arena has turned out
to be a real nuisance.
On the upside,
I get to beat up that guy.
[LUFFY] So that's the
door to the palace, huh?
[VIOLET]
Shh! Don't alert the guards.
Let's do this quietly.
[LUFFY]
Whatever, lady!
Gum-Gum Giant Pistol!
[GUARDS scream]
[ZORO, KIN'EMON]
What are you doing, you idiot?
Door's open, guys!
[alarm blaring]
[GUARD A] This is the front
entrance of the Rampart Tower!
Straw Hat is attacking!
Huh?
[GATZ]
Lucy dodges again!
These fish can't touch him!
But I'm looking
at him right now.
[LUFFY grunts]
[GUARD A]
Pretty sure it's him, sir!
[GATZ]
He came out of nowhere,
but it looks like Lucy
is the man to beat!
[DOFLAMINGO groans]
If he's there,
then who's the guy
fighting in the Colosseum?
What the hell is going on here?
[BOTH grunt]
[GATZ]
Another fish!
And it's flying
straight at Burgess!
Shockwave... Elbow!
[CROWD gasps]
Whoa, nice shot!
I hope our spectators didn't
catch a face-full
of flying fish,
courtesy of that amazing elbow!
If you missed the notice,
this mountain of a man
is Jesus Burgess!
He's one of the
Ten Titanic Captains
supporting the upstart
pirate, Blackbeard!
[RANDOM AUDIENCE GUY A]
Lay off!
The crowd isn't
part of the show!
[laughs]
[GATZ]
Here it comes!
The fighting fish
with the prize!
This time it's aiming for...
...Rebecca!
All I have to do
is cut the chain.
[REBECCA yells]
[SABO]
All right, got you!
[DIAMANTE] You ain't
got nothing, Straw Hat!
[laughs] I'll bust up
you and the damn fish!
[AUDIENCE GUY D screams]
Run away!
This guy really wants us dead!
Hey, this is
my barrier, don't cheat!
[GATZ]
He has no time to escape!
That one's gonna sting, Lucy!
Shockwave...
I'll crush you
with my Dragon Claw.
...Elbow!
[GATZ]
He shattered the gauntlet!
Lucy dazzles the
audience once again!
You wanna pick a fight with me?
Then that's what you get.
[LUFFY]
Where's Kin'emon?
[ZORO] He headed for some
place called the Toy House.
[LUFFY]
Works for me.
[LUFFY gasps]
What is that?
It's Pica!
Careful! He's one of
Doflamingo's best!
Luffy! You go ahead,
I can handle this rock guy.
There's nothing I
can't cut. Any size.
[GATZ] Rebecca's really
struggling against Diamante.
I think she's
done for out there!
[SABO]
Damn it.
I need your help, Musclemelon.
That's not even
close to my name.
Use your power to
protect Rebecca.
Huh?!
Who're you?
[GLADIUS] I'm the man who
ate the Pop Pop Fruit.
My rupture powers
allow me to inflate my body
or any other inorganic object
until they burst, if I like.
[KYROS groans]
[GLADIUS]
I'm going to blow you to bits!
Jet Stamp!
[GLADIUS groans]
Soldier.
Where's Franky
and everybody else?
I don't know. I was
headed to face Doflamingo.
Straw Hat, we have
to keep moving.
[GLADIUS]
Violet. You traitor.
Hurry! To the second floor!
[GLADIUS]
I'll make you suffer,
just like the rest
of your family!
Helmet Pop!
[VIOLET gasps]
Oh, no!
Second floor, right?
There's a window.
[GLADIUS gasps]
He jumped?
[RANDOM GUARD B] What the
heck is going on up there?
They're gonna bring
the roof down on us!
Shockwave Elbow!
You done yet?
[KYROS]
Well, that was convenient!
It seems we made it
straight to the throne room!
Hey! Why are we hiding out here?
I wanna fight!
Shush!
[LUFFY] What's up?
You're looking kinda pale.
[VIOLET] The other part of
the operation has failed.
The Tontatta were
captured by Trebol,
from the Don Quixote Family.
Now what?
Does that mean my
friends are there, too?
One at least.
The man with the long nose.
He was supposed to
stop Sugar, but now...
Whatever it is,
Usopp can handle it.
Even if he's overpowered,
he'll find a way.
[SUGAR] Too bad, looks like
your pal is out for the count.
You let him go!
[SUGAR] Needless to say, I won't
be eating this poison grape.
Not exactly a genius
plan, I'm afraid.
[COTTON whines]
The Tatababasco!
Our only hope is gone now!
[SUGAR]
Here, why don't you eat it?
Hope you're ready to die.
[screams]
[screaming]
[TREBOL]
Sugar, no!
Doffy, bad news!
[DOFLAMINGO]
What, Trebol?
[TREBOL] Sugar, she got
startled and passed out!
She what?
Do you have any idea
what this means?
[GATZ] Something very strange
is happening right now!
I can't explain it, but it seems
that the toys in the audience
are turning into humans!
Well, most of them at least!
Get up or you're scrapped!
[YELLOW ROBOT]
Mercy, please! I'm trying!
What's wrong? Huh?
I thought that you
were gonna scrap me!
[PANDA HAT MAN groans]
[GATZ]
It's madness! Pandemonium!
[ANGRY MAN A]
Bring out Doflamingo right now!
I'll kill him
with my bare hands!
That man destroyed our lives!
[ANGRY MAN D]
Make the bastard pay!
I'm sick of all his lies!
[ANGRY MAN F]
You call yourself a king?
This took ten years.
Ten years to build my
paradise and now it's ruined.
Hey. Where's the soldier?
Here's there. Look!
Kyros is back!
Wait, who?
[VIOLET] He's the former
commander of King Riku's Army.
Kyros.
The strongest gladiator in
the history of the Colosseum!
[LUFFY]
I know him! The statue guy!
More than that.
He's the father of
my niece, Rebecca.
What?
[KYROS] It's time to return this
country to its former glory!
Finally, let's kick some ass!
I will rip you to pieces.
[GATZ] I only wish I could
offer some explanation!
Get up! I'm not a babysitter,
would you stop crying already?
[REBECCA]
All this time.
My father was here
and I didn't know.
But I remember now.
[SABO]
Well, Rebecca.
Seems we've finally gotten
to the center of things.
So what's up next?
I don't know.
The rebel army has struck
at Doflamingo's core.
Once you find that,
then anything, great or
small, can be undone.
That goes for this ring, too.
Get ready.
I'm gonna settle this
match in one blow.
[BOTH gasp]
It's been fun.
Good luck.
Dragon Breath!
[REBECCA, BARTOLOMEO scream]
Lucy just blew up
the whole ring!
That's impressive,
but we kind of need the ring!
What are they going to do now?
Are you kidding me?
Hey, jackass! What's your deal?
I'm ending this.
I've got somewhere to be.
[GATZ] The destruction is
spreading to the audience!
Make a run for it, everyone!
You suck, lady!
I'm drowning! Help me!
Hello there!
Don't you dare!
That Devil Fruit
belongs to Doffy!
If you take that,
we'll make you pay!
[SABO]
Everyone out of the arena!
You have your winner!
I won this thing fair
and square, didn't I?
So now it's time to dig in!
[GATZ gasps]
A decisive victory!
This mystery man
came in like a storm
and wiped away
everything in his path!
Call him a dark horse,
call him an underdog,
but there's only
one champion today.
Bleh! Disgusting!
[REBECCA screams]
[GATZ]
Lucy!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Mister Luffy, rescue me, too!
You're a pirate, right?
Why don't you rescue yourself?
[BARTOLOMEO]
What?
You know my name,
b-but who are you?
I'm from the
Revolutionary Army.
And you can call me Sabo.
[REBECCA]
Then who was the first Lucy?
A famous captain.
One day, he'll be the
King of the Pirates.
Straw Hat Luffy.
He's also my brother.
Brace yourself,
this might be a big one!
[REBECCA gasps]
[CROWD gasps]
[SABO]
Whoa, hot!
My arm is really on fire!
That was supposed
to be mine, punk!
I know him! He's
a revolutionary!
It's all in my mind.
It's not hot.
My body itself is fire.
Sorry, Ace.
I'm gonna steal
this power of yours.
I never want to
feel helpless again.
I never want to suffer through
a nightmare like that again.
Your fire still burns!
I'll use it to protect
our little brother,
just like you did!
Luffy. I've got your back.
Just keep pushing forward.
Don't stop until
you're the king!
[ACE, SABO, LUFFY laughing]
[ACE]
I promise.
[ACE, SABO]
I'm not gonna die, okay?
Not ever!
Nothing has changed!
We'll live the way
we want to live.
More free than anyone!
[SABO]
You watching, Ace?
Fire Fist!
[SABO] I'm glad I could
see you again, Luffy.
Until next time.